#### 15.4.4.21 Array.prototype.reduce ( callbackfn [ , initialValue ] )

callbackfn should be a function that takes four arguments. reduce calls the callback, as a function, once for each element present in the array, in ascending order.

callbackfn is called with four arguments: the previousValue (or value from the previous call to callbackfn), the currentValue (value of the current element), the currentIndex, and the object being traversed. The first time that callback is called, the previousValue and currentValue can be one of two values. If an initialValue was provided in the call to reduce, then previousValue will be equal to initialValue and currentValue will be equal to the first value in the array. If no initialValue was provided, then previousValue will be equal to the first value in the array and currentValue will be equal to the second. It is a TypeError if the array contains no elements and initialValue is not provided.

reduce does not directly mutate the object on which it is called but the object may be mutated by the calls to callbackfn.

The range of elements processed by reduce is set before the first call to callbackfn. Elements that are appended to the array after the call to reduce begins will not be visited by callbackfn. If existing elements of the array are changed, their value as passed to callbackfn will be the value at the time reduce visits them; elements that are deleted after the call to reduce begins and before being visited are not visited.

When the reduce method is called with one or two arguments, the following steps are taken:

```
1. Let O be the result of calling ToObject passing the this value as the argument.
2. Let lenValue be the result of calling the [[Get]] internal method of O with the argument "length".
3. Let len be ToUint32(lenValue).
4. If IsCallable(callbackfn) is false, throw a TypeError exception.
5. If len is 0 and initialValue is not present, throw a TypeError exception.
6. Letkbe0.
7. If initialV alue is present, then
  a. Set accumulator to initialValue.
8. Else, initialV alue is not present
  a. Let kPresent be false.
  b. Repeat, while kPresent is false and k < len
    i. Let Pk be ToString(k).
    ii. Let kPresent be the result of calling the [[HasProperty]] internal method of O with argument
Pk.
    iii. If kPresent is true, then
      1. Let accumulator be the result of calling the [[Get]] internal method of O with argument Pk.
    iv. Increase k by 1.
  c. If kPresent is false, throw a TypeError exception.
9. Repeat, while k < len
  a. Let Pk be ToString(k).
  b. Let kPresent be the result of calling the [[HasProperty]] internal method of O with argument Pk.
  c. If kPresent is true, then
    i. Let kValue be the result of calling the [[Get]] internal method of O with argument Pk.
    ii. Let accumulator be the result of calling the [[Call]] internal method of callbackfn with undefined as the this value and argument list containing accumulator, kValue, k, and O.
  d. Increase k by 1.
10. Return accumulator.
```

The length property of the reduce method is 1.

NOTE The reduce function is intentionally generic; it does not require that its this value be an Array object. Therefore it can be transferred to other kinds of objects for use as a method. Whether the reduce function can be applied successfully to a host object is implementation-dependent.
