## 10.2 Lexical Environments

A Lexical Environment is a specification type used to define the association of Identifiers to specific variables and functions based upon the lexical nesting structure of ECMAScript code. A Lexical Environment consists of an Environment Record and a possibly null reference to an outer Lexical Environment. Usually a Lexical Environment is associated with some specific syntactic structure of ECMAScript code such as a FunctionDeclaration, a WithStatement, or a Catch clause of a TryStatement and a new Lexical Environment is created each time such code is evaluated.

Lexical Environment 是规范定义的类型，定义关联标识符 变量和函数，ECMAScript 代码中词法嵌套的结构。

LexicalEnvironment 的数据结构

```
LexicalEnvironment = {
  environmentRecord: {}
  outer: {} // outerLexicalEnvironment or null
}
```

通常情况下，Lexical Environment 与 ECMAScript 代码的一些特定语法结构相关，比如函数声明(FunctionDeclaration)，with 声明，try 声明的 catch 部分。新的 Lexical Environment 会在上面这些代码执行的时候创建。

```
FunctionDeclaration
WithStatement
Catch clause of Try
```

An Environment Record records the identifier bindings that are created within the scope of its associated Lexical Environment.

Environment Record 记录标识符绑定，作用域中相关联的 Lexical Environment。

The outer environment reference is used to model the logical nesting of Lexical Environment values. The outer reference of a (inner) Lexical Environment is a reference to the Lexical Environment that logically surrounds the inner Lexical Environment. An outer Lexical Environment may, of course, have its own outer Lexical Environment. A Lexical Environment may serve as the outer environment for multiple inner Lexical Environments. For example, if a FunctionDeclaration contains two nested FunctionDeclarations then the Lexical Environments of each of the nested functions will have as their outer Lexical Environment the Lexical Environment of the current execution of the surrounding function.

Lexical Environment 逻辑上围绕着 inner Lexical Environment。 同样 outer Lexical Environment 也会拥有自己的 outer Lexical Environment。 Lexcial Environment 可能作为多个 inner Lexical Environments 的 outer Environment。 例如：如果函数声明包含两个内嵌的函数声明，这时每个内嵌函数的 Lexical Environment 的 outer Lexical Environment 指向着包含着它们的函数的 Lexical Environment。

```
function outer() {
  function a() {};
  function b() {};   
}

aLexicalEnvironment = {
  environmentRecord:
  outer: outerLexicalEnvironment
}

bLexicalEnvironment = {
  environmentRecord:
  outer: outerLexicalEnvironment
}
``` 

Lexical Environments and Environment Record values are purely specification mechanisms and need not correspond to any specific artefact of an ECMAScript implementation. It is impossible for an ECMAScript program to directly access or manipulate such values.

Lexical Environment 和 Environment Record 值，纯粹的规范机制，不需要对应于任何特定的 ECMAScript 实现。 ECMAScript 代码不能直接访问或修改这些值。

### 10.2.1 Environment Records

There are two kinds of Environment Record values used in this specification: `declarative environment records` and `object environment records`. Declarative environment records are used to define the effect of ECMAScript language syntactic element such as `FunctionDeclarations`, `VariableDeclarations`, and `Catch` clauses that directly associate identifier bindings with ECMAScript language values. Object environment records are used to define the effect of ECMAScript elements such as `Program` and `WithStatement` that associate identifier bindings with the properties of some object.

```
Environment Record
1. declarative environment records
2. object environment records
```

declarative environment records 用来定义 ECMAScript 语言中语法元素比如函数声明，变量声明和 Catch 语句，直接与 ECMAScript 关联的标识符绑定。

object environment records 用来定义 ECMAScript 语言中语法元素比如 Progarm 和 with 语句，与对象的属性之间绑定相关联的标识符。

For specification purposes Environment Record values can be thought of existing in a simple object-oriented hierarchy Environment Record is an abstract class with two concrete subclasses, delcarative environment record and object environment record. The abstract class includes the abstrct specification methods defined in Table 17. These abstract methods have distinct concrete algorithms for each of the concrete subclasses.

规范的目的，Environment Record 值可以简单面向对象层次结构，Environment Record 抽象的类，有两个具体的子类。 delcarative environment record 和 object environment record

Table 17 --- Abstract Methods of Environment Records

1. HasBinding(N)
2. CreateMutableBinding(N, D)
3. SetMutableBinding(N, V, S)
4. GetBindingValue(N, S)
5. DeleteBinding(N)
6. ImplicitThisValue()